Revamp Surge introduction page and fix broken anchor (#42)
NethermindEth/surge-docs: docs/intro.md

# Introduction to Surge

> Surge is a high-performance, [based rollup](https://ethresear.ch/t/based-rollups-superpowers-from-l1-sequencing/15016) template built on a modified [Taiko stack](https://taiko.xyz/) that embodies Ethereum's principles of decentralization, security, and censorship resistance. Developed by [Nethermind](https://github.com/NethermindEth) as a research and experimentation platform, Surge demonstrates what's possible when rollups maximize both performance and trustlessness without compromising on security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surge is a high-performance, [based rollup](https://ethresear.ch/t/based-rollups-superpowers-from-l1-sequencing/15016) template built on a modified [Taiko stack](https://taiko.xyz/) that embodies Ethereum's principles of decentralization, security, and censorship resistance. Developed by [Nethermind](https://nethermind.io) as a research and experimentation platform, Surge demonstrates what's possible when rollups maximize both performance and trustlessness without compromising on security.
```
